what is 'make meaning'?
it is about  making the world a better place
what is 'make mantra'?
repeated in prayer, meditation, or incatations
what is get going?
start creating your product or service and ocmmence deilvering to yoru customers
what is define your business model?
define your customers and their needs
what is eave a mat?
compile a list of the milestones you need to meet
Before you begin dwelling into the art of positioning, you must first answer the question?
what do you do?
what are the qualities that a good positioning must have?
positive,customer-centric,empowering to yoru employees,self-explanatory,targets the intended customer, show the core eompetencies of your organization, relevant to core competencies, long-lasting, and different from competitors
other positioning tips?
make services in the most personal manner, choose remarkable name, plain words and easy to understand, offer concrete points to distinguish your services, and insure that each memeber of your organzation understands your company's positioning.
the first step for the art of pitching?
explain yourself in the first minute, what does your organzation do?
second step for the art of pitching?
answer the little man, so what?
third step for the art of pitching?
know your audience, do your research
four step for art of pitching?
observe the 10/20/30 rule.
what are the ten slides you need for a pitch?
title slide, problem, solution, business model, underlying magic, marketing and sales, competition, management team, financial projections and key metrics, current status
what is the fifth step for the art of pitching?
set the stage, be prepared for your presentation
what is the sixth step for the art of pitching?
let one person do the talking
what is the seventh step for the art of pitching?
pitch constantly, practice pitching all the time
first tip for creating a clean business plan?
do not exceed twenty pages.
seond tip for creating a clean business plan?
one person should right the entire business plan.
third tip for creating a clean business plan?
use staples to bind the plan
fourth tip for creating a clean business plan?
simplify financial projections to two pages
fifth tip for creating a clean business plan?
include key metrics
sixth tip for creating a clean business plan?
provide the right numbers
what does a bootstrappable model business have?
low up-front capital, show sales cycles, short payment terms, recurring revenue, and word of mouth advertising.
how long is a short sales cycles?
under a month
first tip for boostrapping?
forget the proven team - don't aim for experts because the cost is high
second tip for boostrapping?
focus on function, not form
third tip for boostrapping?
go direct - sell directly to yoru customers
fourth tip for boostrapping?
position against the leader - going against accepted ways
fifth tip for boostrapping?
understaff and outsource
sixth tip for boostrapping?
build a board
seventh tip for boostrapping?
sweat the big stuff- save money by not worrying about office space
eightth tip for boostrapping?
execute
first thing you need to look for when recruiting?
can the candidate do what you need?
second thing you need to look for when recruiting?
does the candidate believe in your meaning?
third thing you need to look for when recruiting?
does that candidate have the strengths you need?
first tip for recruitment?
hire people better than you
second tip for recruitment?
dont disqualify prospects because of gender, race, sexual orientation or age.
third tip for recruitment?
ignore the factors involving baises
fourth tip for recruitment?
hire candidates who posses major strengths