what is quick assessment?
value created, size of market, uniqueness, doability, window of opportunity, industry s-curve, and market type
what is value?
think about customers
what is market size?
billion dollar or hundred thousand
what is uniquesness?
is it hard to duplicated?
what is doability?
is it easy to build?
what is industry lifecycle?
s-curve, window of opportunity, or timing
what is market type?
board or niche?
what is result of value creation?
cash inflow
why is it important to use market analysis?
helps break the industry into segments and helps focus on a specific segment
what is target market?
a specific group of customers whom a business wishes to reach.
what is a market?
a group of people or companies who have demand for a product or service and are willing and able to buy it
what is market segmentation?
the process of grouping a market into smaller subgroups defined by specific characteristics
what is market segments?
subgroups of buyers with similar characteristics, segmented by geographics, demographics, psychographics, and buying charactersitics
what is geographics?
the study of the market based on where customers live, including region, state, country, city, or area
what is psychographics?
the study of consumers based on social and psychological characteristics, including personalities, values opinions, beliefs, motivations, attitudes, and lifestyle elements
what is industrial markets?
customers who buy goods or services for business use
what is customer demographics?
dividing consumers into groups for easy identification
types of market research?
exploratory, descriptive, historical
what is market research?
the collection and analysis of information aimed at understanding the behavior of consumers in a certain market
what is explortory research?
the initial collection and analysis of imformation used when very little is known about a subject. it forms a foundation for later research
what is focus group?
a group of people whose opinions are studied to determine the opinions that can be expected from a larger population
what is desriptive research?
the collection of information to determine the status of something, such as in developing a customer profile
what is historical research?
the study of the past to explain the rpesent circumstances and predict future trends
what are the research process?
identify your information needs, obtain secondary resources, collect primary data, organize the data, and analyze the data.
what is secondary data?
information that has already been collect by someone else
what is primary data?
information that is collected for the first time, is current, and relates directly to the collector's study
what is market possibilities?
total number of slaes possible in a target market for all producers
what is sales forecast?
level of sales expected for a single firm within the target market
what is market share?
percentage of total sales gained by a single firm
what is factor approach?
uses a series of factors to discover the size of possible market sales for a specific product to achieve the sales forecast
when selling how should one sells?
sell on benefits rather than features
what are the four p's?
product, price, promotion, and place
what is product?
the good or service a firm offers to its target market.
what is price?
the amount of money consumers pay to buy a product.
what is cost-base pricing?
price is determined by adding a markup percentage
what is value-basd pricing?
price is determined by estimating what consumers are will to pay for a product
what is promotion?
the activities the firm takes to communicate the merits of its product to its target market
what is advertising?
making people aware of a product or service in hopes of persuading them to buy it.
what is adwords?
advertisment on google home page
what is adsense?
advetisment on websites
what is public relations?
efforts to establish and maintain a company's image with the public
what is place?
the activities that move a firm's product for its place of origin to the consumer.
