Who made the business model canvas (BMC) template?
Alexander Osterwalder.
What are the components of the business model canvas?
value proposition, customer segments, customer relationship, channels, revenue, key activities, key resources, key partners, and cost structure.
What is value proposition (BMC)?
explain how your product or service can benefit the customer segments.
What is customer segments (BMC)?
whom the startup or company hopes to sell their products or services to.
What is customer relationship (BMC)?
The approach you intend to adopt to attract and retain your customers, and explain how it fits with customers expectations.
What is channels (BMC)?
How you plan to deliver value to different customer segments.
What is revenue (BMC)?
How customers are likely to pay for all the value that you are creating.
What is key activities (BMC)?
A must perform to create and deliver value to your customers.
What is key resources (BMC)?
describes the valuable resources that is needed in order to perform your key activities and venture's operations.
What is key partners (BMC)?
describes the people you need to perform the activities needed to create value.
What is cost structure (BMC)?
the significant bills that you would incure to create value.
What is a business models?
bridges idea and action, answers the question of why a venture will be viable and valuable,and relate to business straegy as logic relates to the algorithm.
When does business Model fail?
flawed lgoic, limited strategic choices, imperfect value creation and capture assumptions.
What are the three things you need to keep in mind when making a business?
Desirability, Feasibility, and Viability.
What are the three stages of a lean startup?
customer discovery, customer validation, and customer creation.
What is customer discovery (lean startup)?
problem/solution fit
what is customer validation (lean startup)?
product/market fit
what is customer creation (lean startup)?
scale
What is the three stages of a bootstrap?
ideation, valley of death, and growth
What is ideation (bootstrap)?
demo
What is valley of death (bootstrap)?
sell
what is growth (bootstrap)?
build
What is learn model approach?
ideas, build, product, measure, data, and learn.