What is smoke tests?
landing page with "dummy" purchase button (without price).
What is concierge model?
job website, rental marketplace.
What is aardvark?
gave impression that an algorithm was finding the answer through social media.
What is Dry wallet tests?
buy buttons with different prices.
What is A/B Testing?
comparing two versions of a web page to see which one performs better.
What is Macro-environment?
The broad environmental context in which a firm's industry is situated
What are the components of a company's macro-environment?
general economic conditions, demographics, the natural environment, political/regulatory/legal factors, technological factors, global forces, and social forces.
What are the components of immediate industry and competivitive environment?
suppliers, substitute products, rival firms, new entrants, and buyers.
What are Demographics?
the size, growth rate, and age distribution of diferent sectors of the population.
What are social forces?
societal values, attitudes, cultural factors, and lifestules that impact businesses.
What are political, legal, and regulatory factors?
policies and processes, laws with which companies must comply-labor laws, antitrust laws, tax policy, political clime, and the strength of institutions such as the court system.
What is natural environment?
Ecological and environmental forces such as weather, climate, climate change, and associated factors like water shortages.
What are technological factors?
The pace of change and developments that have the potential for wide-ranging effects on society, such as genetic engineering, the rise of the internet, changes in communication techonologies, and knowledge and controlling the use of technology.
What are global forces?
conditions and changes in world markets, including political events and policies toward international trade, sociocultural practices and the institutional environment in which the world markets operate.
What are general economic conditions?
rates of growth, unemployment, inflation, interest, trade deficits or surpluses, savings, per capita domestic product, and conditions in the markets for stocks and bonds affecting consumer confidence and discretionary income.
What are types of porter's forces model?
industry analysis, external analysis, and five forces model/analysis
What are the five forces model of competition?
suppilers, potential new entrants, buyers, other industries offering substitute products, and rivalry among competing sellers.