What is Semidynamic?
Environment static, but performance is time dependent
What is Dynamic state?
Environment Constantly changing
What is static state?
Does not change while agent is deciding next action
what is learning element?
Uses knowledge from performance element to modify rules
What is learning agents?
Decision rules are adjusted based on performance over time.
What is critic?
Monitors the environment to see how the system is doing and keeps learning element from going off track
What is problem generator?
uses learning element's goals to suggest experiments
What is softbot?
A type of Intelligent Agents software only agent
What is fully observable environment?
The state of a system is known at all times, direct information.
What is partially observable?
The state of a system is not fully visible to an external sensor like indirect information and uncertain state.
What is task environments?
External environment of an organization which affects its ability to reach business goals.
What is Multiagent issues?
a computerized system using cooperative vs. competitive, communication, and randomization to prevent predictability to solve problems.
What is  Deterministic?
We know what the next state is.
What is stochastic?
nondeterministic factors may influence leading to an uncertain state.
What is Turning test?
can a human tell that they are interacting with a computer?
What are the areas contributing to AI?
philosophy, mathematics, psychology, neuroscience, linguistics, and computer science.
What are Intelligent Agents?
able to make decision and manipulate/affect the environment around it.
What is percepts?
Sensors provide perceptual input of environment.
What is congnitive approach?
Using the brain as a model like the logic of humans or other animals.
What is laws of thought?
A set of (rigget) logic rules, simple statement.
What is rational agent?
chooses to perform the action with the optimal expected outcome for iteself (infer logic).
What is Intelligence?
The ability to learn, deal with new/try new situation, reason, and manipulation.
What is episodic?
The next decision depends on state (current state).
What is sequential?
The next decision depends on previous ones (previous state).
What is Utility theory?
Decisions are made to maximize the expected utility, how useful or happy something makes the individual feels.