What is state?
Atomic representatoin of world
What is goal formulation?
a set of states that represents objectives that we want to meet.
What is problem formulation?
The decision action and states to reach a goal.
What is assume environment?
Deterministic actions, observable, and discrete (finite # of actions).
What is a search process?
A set of states & actions to reach a goal state and returns a plan.
What is a component of a search problem?
Initial state, actions, cost, transition model, and goal predicate.
What is an initial state?
The starting state.
What are actions?
Function that returns set of possible decisions from a given state.
What is cost?
The sum of its step or path.
What is transition model?
Function that reports the result of an action applied to a state.
What is a goal predicate?
Is the new state a member of the goal set?
What is a solution?
Any path that reaches a goal.
What is optimal solution?
The lowest cost path.
What is a complete-state?
The solution state.
What is an incrementally state?
Adding one unit at a time.
What are the classic real-world problems?
Route-finding, touring, and traveling salesperson.
What is route-finding problem?
transportation, netowrks, and operations planning.
What is touring problem?
Visit a set of states greater or equal to 1 time.
What is traveling salesperson?
visit a set of state 1 time.
What is a frontier in a search tree?
A set consists of leaf nodes.
What is redundant?
cycles in the search tree (loops) are a special case.
How is a frontier set usually implemented?
as a queue.
What is FIFO?
a traditional queue.
What is LIFO?
a stack.
What is a explored set?
track states that have been investigated.
What is uniformed (blind) search?
No awareness of whether or not a state is promising.
What is Breadth-first search?
best path if cost is a nondecreasing f(depth).
What is search cost?
time complexity
What is total cost?
time and space complexity
What is space complexity?
Every generated node remains in memory, in explored and in frontier.
What is uniform-cost search?
Nodes are expanded in order of optimal cost (cmplexity function of minimum cost for all actions).
What is Depth-first search?
deepest node is expanded first.
What is iterative deepening?
prevents infinite loops of depth-first search.
What is informed/heuristic search?
can we guess the cost to a goal based on the current state?
What is A-star search?
the estimated cost form start to goal through state n.