what is genetic algorithms?
search-state nodes are meausred by a fitness function
what are successors (genetic algorithms)?
fittest nodes that are retained (beam search)
what is population (genetic algorithms)?
generated from random pair in frontier
what is a new state from crossover?
mixture of parent states
what is intelligence?
the ability to learn or understand or to deal with new or trying situations
what is turning test?
can a human tell that they are interaction with a computer?
what is cognitive approach?
model the thinking of humans or other animals
what are laws of thought?
set of logic rules drawback: difficult to model informal/general knowledge
what is rational agent?
logical inference is good, but not always applicable
what is state?
atomic represtation of world
what are search problem components?
initial state, actions, cost, transtition model, goal predicate
what are actions?
function returns set of possible decisions from given state
what is cost?
cost of each action
what is transition model?
function that return result of action applied to state
what is goal predicate?
new state member of goal set
what is search architecture?
node representations
what are node representations?
state,parent,action, and path-cost
what is parent node?
ancestor in tree
what is action node?
how you got to node from parent
what is path-cost node?
cost from current node to tree's root (usually g(n))
how to implement frontier set?
queue
why use explored set?
make states easily comparable
how are explored sets ordered?
hash/state in canoncial order
what are the search complexity?
 branch factor, depth, max length, time measurement, and total cost
what is branch factor in complexity?
max number of successors
what is depth in complexity?
the shallowest goal node
what is the max length in complexity?
state space path
what is time measurement in complexity?
number of nodes expand
what is total cost in complexity?
time or space complexity
what is uninformed search (blind)?
don't know if state is promising and strategies depend on node expansion order
what are the different strategies that can change the expansion order for uninformed(blind) search ?
breadth first, depth first, uniform cost, and variants
what are variants?
depth limited, iterative, bidirectional